Game:One vs One:
first droid:01TK0000000000000000002
second droid:01UN0000000000000000003
Start:
attacker:first droid
second droid get 56damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 57damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 59damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 53damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 59damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 55damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 59damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 54damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 58damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 57damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 59damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 57damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 57damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 57damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 57damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 54damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 60damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 54damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 60damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 57damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 59damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 57damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 56damage
attacker:second droid
first droid get 55damage
attacker:first droid
second droid get 57damage
End of match
first droid is winner
